here we are, the sunset is falling
we arrived in the second area of ​​the
competition field of this trophy
there are the sectors a and b on this side
first more to the east we find the
sector b and then from west to sector a
we will now see developments like that
they are going out if the race is on
playing with other species than
those of other sectors or who is
in line with the captures just seen and
with the two antonio antonio perri that already
you will know from youtube and antonia gresta
a Genoese fisherman who mates with
he in this too many now we go to
get to know them closely
here is what neo paris irons for
youtube friends how are you and dear a
all right we are seen already before if in the
within a month
let us first look at anzio in more below Rome
then qua genoa but you weren't in the air it was
d'Aosta but not mica
all the parts now also because it makes me
pleasure
a gathering even friends allegedly
and entertainment and also how it's going
the catch but for the moment I have to
say that everything is silent we are waiting for a
at dusk
let's see what happens, however, mine
fishing buddy I have to say that at least
another china is a rachel fish ha
brought to caldes already tipped
from the beginning of the climb it is done but now
let's see how
how they progress with the passing of
race field hours as you feel like that
first time in Liguria
I really like it
here however made of pebble sand
then a beach to put
example completely different from where I come from
that I am of cosenza
But I don't mind a new one
reality that is learning to know
some fish will reinvigorate some passion
race field test